---
layout: "../../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Day 114: Trauma - Psychological & Physical
"
description: "Day 114: Trauma - Psychological & Physical
"
date: "2023-04-26"
---

The effect that trauma at an early, developmental age has on the brain is very similar to what physical trauma would have. 


Not only is it similar, but in fact like an open wound is an invitation for infections, so too is psychological trauma.
Your immune is shot, so you fall sick more. Your ability to handle stress is compromised, so you’re in worse shape to try and get back your immunity. 


Not only does this reflect in your outward physical appearance but in fact, psychological trauma in your formative years can make you more susceptible for any predisposition of a auto-immune disease to take control of your body.


Furthermore, if you’d like to see a live example of this - the most easily observed phenomenon would be that of menstruation. Similar to how your body responds to physical stress with changes in your menstrual cycle - psychological stress can not only impact your period in later years, but in fact it effects your overall biological rhythm. Starting from when you get your first period. It can be either delayed or accelerated. 


Psychological trauma has a HUGE effect on hormones and hormones are literally what control our entire life-force. And if you’re confused by the above paragraph - irrespective of gender - this effects everybody, because we all have chemicals shooting through our bodies in order to help us stay alive, function, carry out everyday tasks, from sleeping to pooping to eating to making sure your brain works for more complex, man-made tasks as well. 
And like women, men have hormonal cycles as well. It’s just not as clear cut since there’s no bloody tissue shooting out of men from anywhere at any point in these cycles. 
