---
layout: "../../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Day 107: On the Future of Human Evolution by Nick Bostrom
"
description: "Day 107: On the Future of Human Evolution by Nick Bostrom"
date: "2023-04-19"
---

My Thoughts:
If productivity is calculated only wrt the financial/economic aspects of things such as GDP, basically monetary stuff - then unlike what Bostrom suggests in his paper - artists, etc wouldn't go extinct - because with things like social media and other media platforms, what they've done is essentially elevate the artist's value and their economic output.


And with the current trajectory of societal development - it does seem like the value of artists has significantly scaled up. And when you look at that with a far wider lens - zoomed out, basically - the values definitely have grown by a lot. 


Employment, in today’s world may not be great right now - but we know that the future would be way different in these terms. 
People would not so easily relinquish creative roles and nor would others want/prefer them to.
But if such an inevitable, can’t-turn-back kinda moment did ensue, then I do believe the result would be quite different from the first case Bostrom presents. 


Then again, he’s a well-read, renowned academic and I am nobody who literally knows next to nothing. The thoughts presented above are nothing more than random thoughts I have in the middle of the day on random days. 


I do not have narcissism to present such thoughts as truth. So please take them as nothing more than a random discussion with a friend or acquaintance who’s just trying to make conversation and nothing more, thank you.
