---
layout: "../../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Day 106: ‘Cause It’s A small World After All
"
description: "Day 106: ‘Cause It’s A small World After All
"
date: "2023-04-18"
---

To think that Korean is so similar to Tamil and Tamil is a nationally recognized language in Singapore as well. And of course, it’s a Dravidian language which means it has close ties to all the surrounding regional languages: Kannada, Telugu and Malayalam. 


Similarities, among these and sanskrit are widely recognized, and sanskrit a language that gave rise to so many more all across India but not only that, see if the following sounds familiar:
Kambojadesa - formed by the descendants of the Legendary sage kambu of the kamboja kingdom of India. 
Yop, that’s Cambodia - the anglocised French transliteration of the “Khmer” Empire. 


It’s well known that religion travelled through the states this way, in this direction but the extent to which the language had an influence, is news to me.


Despite sanskrit having travelled from the Caucasus region toward India and becoming what it did over here in India, the butchering of not just these names but entire cultures and nations by the Western world has “primal” written all over it. Despite Hinduism - a peaceful religion having evolved with so much history and ties to European lands.


Nonetheless, it truly is a testament to the strength and will of these communities, cultures and languages for how they have stood the test of time despite all the wrath and primal behaviour showcased throughout history. Not just the Asian, but the entire global community as a whole.


Because the languages and cultures are so intertwined and have evolved with lessons from one another everywhere. The scripts used, the languages spoken, the culture and communal development - how social gatherings are held and most of all the food.


The world really is a small place. 

.
.
.

I know it’s not well-written, but I hope it’s still easy to understand/digest.

Thanks.
