---
layout: "../../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Day 113: The World is Not a Fairy Tale
"
description: "Day 113: The World is Not a Fairy Tale
"
date: "2023-04-25"
---

We eat so many things today. Various types of fruit, vegetables, berries, leaves - so many things, right? Including different animals and different parts of those animals. 
And some of those parts of animals are poisonous. Toxic. Bad enough to kill people in an instant - at times, and in others - they’d die if they don’t recieve medical attention.


Have you ever wondered, how life was before technology of the grade that we have today? Imagine how many people had to test these fruits and berries. To get to here - a point where we know very well which ones are good for us, which ones won’t kill us. Know well enough to cultivate the latter, and a step after that.


I mean, there was a time before the internet, or pictures or even books or writing. A time when communication skills were incredibly primitive. A time when the population was just a bunch of small communities isolated from one another.


To get to a point where even, each community - not individual - but a community as a whole, knew what was poisonous or not, when they could differentiate the poisonous from the edible. A time with no means of communication between two different communities - except violent ones, I gather. 


The same poisonous thing being consumed by so many people at so many different points in time. Staggered and spread across the world! 


Something, we take for granted today. Every day. Every meal, every snack, every drink.

