---
layout: "../../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Day 103: “Consistent Mediocrity”
"
description: "Day 103: “Consistent Mediocrity”
"
date: "2023-04-15"
---

I wanna talk about my YouTube channel. I, of course, started it a very long time ago. When I started the channel it was going to be about music and it was going to provide me a platform to “showcase” my “talent”. 
Yes, I’m not comfortable saying nice things about myself. Yes, I might have issues. Yes, I might just be normal.

Anyway, so that’s what it was going to be. But if you’ve watched some of my videos or listened to my podcast, the YouTube channel was mainly in order for me to get some accountability. I went through some dark times and it seemed like there was something to gain from such a journey. 

But despite this motivation being there, I couldn’t get myself to actually post any of these videos, or even edit them. Truth be told, they were of really not great quality and I was just coming out of an illness and - well, yeah that was there too, being sick i.e., But the final trigger was something else.

I had by then started posting some of the food I’d been making I guess, but none of that stuff was actually MEANT for YouTube or even Instagram. The photos I took were for my friends who were asking to see, the videos that were made for my friends to keep as memory cards for themselves and of course, me. 

But I eventually started to post it online instead of sharing it with each individual person one at a time and I was happy to see them happy to discuss this stuff with me. 

So finally, when they fateful day arrived, I think I already had all this going on in my head swirling only to be stopped by the fact that I hadn’t been making any “real content”. But what I heard by someone like Cece Xie did the trick of kicking me upwards. 

“Consistent Mediocrity”
